[CQT-283] Add documentation framework and update documentation (#177)
QuTech-Delft/qx-simulator: docs/user-guide/user-guide.md

QX simulator can be used:

- As a standalone executable (built from C++), from the command line.
- As a module (called `qxelarator`), from Python projects (as a [Python package](https://pypi.org/project/libqasm/)).

## Output

The results of a simulation will be dumped to standard output, when running the standalone executable,
or to a `SimulationResult` object, when using the Python API.

Let's simulate a Bell pair 100 times:

```
version 3.0
qubit[2] q

H q[0] 
CNOT q[0], q[1]
```

The output of the simulation should be:

```
Shots requested: 100
Shots done: 100
Measurements: {'00': 100}
State: {'00': (0.7071067811865475+0j), '11': (0.7071067811865475+0j)}
```

- `Shots requested` and `Shots done` are always equal to the number of iterations.
- `Measurements` contains the number of times a given measurement value is captured when running the iterations.

>   In this case, the circuit doesn't contain any measurement, so the measurement register is always `00` (100 times).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In this case, the circuit does **not** contain any measurements, so the measurement register remains `00` (100 times).
```

- `State` contains the full quantum state at the end of the very last iteration.
  It maps quantum _kets_ to complex amplitudes.

>   Here you can recognize the usual Bell pair state: `1/sqrt(2) ( |00> + |11> )`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Here you can recognize the usual Bell pair state: $\frac{1}{\sqrt(2)} \left( |00\rangle + |11\rangle \right)$.
```

Author: That syntax is not being recognized. They probably need some add-ons in mkdocs-base.yml. You are free to play with it and make it work.

Reviewer: Let's leave it as is.

!!! note

    The number of iterations does not affect the quantum state.

>     For  every iteration, the quantum state is reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For every iteration, the quantum state is reset to the ground state in the standard basis.
```

    Thus, the state returned as part of the simulation result is that of the last simulation iteration.

If we now add measurements:

```
H q[0] 
CNOT q[0], q[1]
b = measure q
```

The result will change to:

```
Shots requested: 100
Shots done: 100
Measurements: {'00': 49, '11': 51}
State: {'00': (0.9999999999999998+0j)}
```

> The final quantum state is now collapsed due to the measurements, in this case to the value `00`.
> The ket `|00>` doesn't have amplitude exactly 1 because of the approximation of real numbers
> done by floating point arithmetic inside the simulator,
> something to keep in mind when interpreting the results.
> Again, `State` is the quantum state at the end of the 100th iteration.
> Some other iterations may have ended up in the state `|11>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the measurements, the state now collapses at the end of each iteration to either $|00\rangle$ or $|11\rangle$.
`Measurements` show that the state collapsed to $|00\rangle$ in 49:100 cases and $|11\rangle$ in 51:100,
so roughly a 50% chance for either outcome.
`State` shows the quantum state at the end of the 100th iteration, in this case to $|00\rangle$.
Note that its amplitude is not exactly 1 because of the approximation of real numbers
done by floating point arithmetic inside the simulator,
something to keep in mind when interpreting the results.
```

Author: I've updated the text but `$|00\rangle$` and `49:100` syntax is not being recognized. They probably need some add-ons in mkdocs-base.yml. You are free to play with it and make it work.

Author: Note also there are many more places in the docs where `|00>` format is used.

Reviewer: Hmm, good point, maybe better to keep it simple then and stick to `|00>`.

> `Measurements` can here be interpreted as: in 49 iterations out of 100,
> the final measurement register was `00` and in the remaining 51 iterations it was `11`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Measurements` can here be interpreted as: in 49 iterations out of 100,
the final measurement register was `00` and in the remaining 51 iterations it was `11`.
```

Author: What is the change here, @elenbaasc?

Reviewer: Haha, yes, that doesn't make sense. I suggested to remove it, as the info is contained in the other suggestions above.

Author: I think it's good to keep it.
